Port to 26.1 (#549)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/porting/mappings/index.md

Historically, Minecraft: Java Edition has made use of obfuscation, which led to the development of obfuscation maps that Fabric Loom uses for modding. There were two choices: either Fabric's own Yarn mappings, or the official Mojang mappings.

> Mojang recently released [the first release of Minecraft: Java Edition with unobfuscated code](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/removing-obfuscation-in-java-edition), and the Fabric Project made the decision to [not create third-party mappings](https://fabricmc.net/2025/10/31/obfuscation.html) for this version. If you plan to update your mod to this version, you will need to move to Mojang's obfuscation mappings first before updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mojang recently released [the first release of Minecraft: Java Edition with unobfuscated code](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/removing-obfuscation-in-java-edition), and the Fabric Project made the decision to [not keep maintaning third-party mappings](https://fabricmc.net/2025/10/31/obfuscation.html) from this version onward. If you plan to update your mod to this version, you will need to switch to Mojang's mappings first before updating.
```

can they even be called Mappings anymore? food for thought

Author: On 26.1, Mojang's names are not mappings, no. My goal is to clarify to switch to Mojang Mappings on 1.21.11 before updating.

## What Are Mappings? {#mappings}

Minecraft: Java Edition was obfuscated from its release until 1.21.11, which means that its code had human-friendly class names like `Creeper` replaced with gibberish like `brc`. In order to easily mod it, Fabric Loom makes use of obfuscation maps: references which translate obfuscated class names, such as `brc`, back to human-friendly names like `CreeperEntity`.

> As a Fabric developer, you'll encounter three main sets of names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a seasoned Fabric developer, you'd encounter three main sets of names:
```

as in "you used to encounter"

- **Intermediary**: The mapping set that was used by compiled Fabric mods for obfuscated releases; for example `brc` may become `class_1548`. The point behind Intermediary is offering a stable set of names across releases, as obfuscated class names change with each new version of Minecraft. This often allows mods built for one version to work on others, as long as the affected parts of the game haven't changed too much.

> - **Yarn**: an open-source mapping set developed by Fabric for humans to write mods. Most Fabric mods used Yarn Mappings, as they were the default before 2025. An example mapping might be `CreeperEntity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Yarn**: an open-source mapping set developed by Fabric for humans to write mods. Most Fabric mods used Yarn Mappings, as they were the default before their deprecation in 2025. An example mapping might be `CreeperEntity`.
```
